# Redmine Feedback Plugin

This plugin allows reporters, watchers, and stakeholders to provide feedback on any tracker type in Redmine.

## Features

- Four feedback metrics (scored out of 10):
  - Right First Time (Accuracy)
  - On Time Delivery (Promptness)
  - Targets Met
  - Punched Above
- Checkboxes to mark which values were described by the assignee
- Comments field (required when values are marked)
- Feedback aggregation from child issues to parent issues
- Comprehensive permission system
- Clean UI integration

## Requirements

- Redmine 4.2.x or higher

## Installation

1. Clone this repository into your Redmine plugins directory:
   ```
   cd /path/to/redmine/plugins
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/redmine_feedback.git
   ```

2. Make sure the directory structure is correct:
   ```
   redmine_feedback/
   ├── app/
   ├── assets/
   ├── config/
   ├── db/
   ├── lib/
   ├── CHANGELOG.md
   ├── README.md
   └── init.rb
   ```

3. Run the migrations:
   ```
   cd /path/to/redmine
   bundle exec rake redmine:plugins:migrate RAILS_ENV=production
   ```

4. Restart your Redmine server.

5. Enable the plugin in your project settings:
   - Go to Administration → Projects → Your Project → Modules
   - Check "Feedback" to enable the module
   - Set permissions in Administration → Roles and Permissions

## Usage

1. Navigate to an issue page.
2. If you are a reporter, watcher, or stakeholder for the issue, you'll see a "Add Feedback" button.
3. Fill out the feedback form with scores and comments.
4. View feedback summaries on issue pages.
5. Access all feedback for a project via the "Feedback" tab in the project menu.

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues during installation:

1. Make sure all files are in the correct directory structure.
2. Check that the plugin directory is named `redmine_feedback` (not `redmine-feedback` or similar).
3. Ensure your Redmine version is compatible.
4. Check the Redmine logs for specific error messages.

## License

This plugin is licensed under the MIT License.